# CAPSTONE RFID Tracking System\n\n## Overview\nThe CAPSTONE RFID Tracking System is a comprehensive solution designed for residential subdivision security. It leverages RFID and QR code technologies to manage and monitor vehicle and pedestrian access efficiently.\n\n## Features\n- **RFID Integration**: Tracks vehicle and pedestrian entry and exit using RFID technology.\n- **QR Code Support**: Provides an alternative access method for guests and residents.\n- **Real-time Monitoring**: Ensures up-to-date tracking of all activities.\n- **Firebase Integration**: Utilizes Firebase for database management and authentication.\n\n## Folder Structure\n\n- **granville-tracking-system-Backend/**: Contains backend code, including Arduino scripts and Node.js server.\n- **granville-tracking-system-Main/**: Contains frontend code built with Vue.js.\n\n## Technologies Used\n\n### Backend\n- **Node.js**: For server-side scripting.\n- **Firebase**: For database and authentication.\n- **Arduino**: For hardware integration with RFID systems.\n\n### Frontend\n- **Vue.js**: For building the user interface.\n- **JavaScript**: For client-side scripting.\n- **HTML/CSS**: For structuring and styling the web pages.\n\n## How to Use\n\n### Backend\n1. Navigate to the granville-tracking-system-Backend/rfid-server directory.\n2. Install dependencies:\n   `ash\n   npm install\n   `\n3. Start the server:\n   `ash\n   node server.js\n   `\n\n### Frontend\n1. Navigate to the granville-tracking-system-Main directory.\n2. Install dependencies:\n   `ash\n   npm install\n   `\n3. Run the development server:\n   `ash\n   npm run serve\n   `\n\n## License\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.\n\n## Contributors\n- **Francis Allen Prado** - Backend Developer\n- **Kharhyll Joy Laranio** - Frontend Developer\n\n## Acknowledgments\nSpecial thanks to the mentors and organizations that supported this project.
